W-19652018 auto-credits-1.0-update (#455)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-home/modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/automation-credits-1.adoc

// end::title[]

// tag::intro[]
A quantity of Automation Credits is included with certain MuleSoft Services, with the specific entitlement indicated on the Usage Details table on the Order Form for such Services. Automation Credits are consumed as you create and execute automations at the applicable multiplier rates based on the Usage Types in the following table. You can use Automation Credits with MuleSoft Composer, MuleSoft IDP, MuleSoft RPA, or a combination of these products.
// end::intro[]

// tag::conversionRates[]
[%header%autowidth.spread,cols=".^a,.^a,.^a]
|===
| RPA Bot Minutes | RPA API Calls | Composer Tasks | IDP Document Pages
| 1 MuleSoft Automation Credit = 2 | 1 MuleSoft Automation Credit = 100 | 1 MuleSoft Automation Credit = 50 | 1 MuleSoft Automation Credit = 6
|===

[IMPORTANT]

> Beginning October 24, 2025, the multiplier for IDP Document Page will change to `1 MuleSoft Automation Credit = 5 IDP Document Pages`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting October 24, 2025, the multiplier for IDP Document Page changes to `1 MuleSoft Automation Credit = 5 IDP Document Pages`.
```
